Update examples (#213)
fluxxcode/egui-file-dialog: README.md

}
```

## Examples

The examples can be found in the [examples](examples) folder.

> More Description can be found in the [EXAMPLES.](examples/EXAMPLES.md) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further descriptions can be found in the [EXAMPLES.](examples/EXAMPLES.md) file.
```
